---
title : ScratchBox
notetype : feed
date : 06-01-2022
---
[[Atlas]] #atlas 
# ScratchBox
This is currently my "home" page that opens when starting up Obsidian and is readily accessed via the home icon in the ribbon, using the homepage plugin.

The ScratchBox idea has evolved as something of an "inbox" for keeping track of tasks and items in progress in some way. For the most part, notes in the Scratchbox are here temporarily and the idea is to move notes out of here as soon as possible (and not sooner)---to make progress on them until they move somewhere else or are no longer relevant.

Most of the information on this note is generated by dataview queries so it updates automatically when changes are made. These come in several groups:

1. Links to the [[ScratchPad]], [[Dataview Note]] and [[Query Note]].
	- These are three "fixed notes" that stay in the ScratchBox permanently for ease of access. Though seldom completely "empty", the aim is to clear the data off these notes at a reasonable pace, once it has been moved to a better location or is no longer needed.
2. Tasks lists imported from today and tomorrow's task lists on the current [[Planner]] pages, to help me keep track of my intended tasks while I'm making decisions about other things.
3. A List of "Task Notes"
	- These are notes that list tasks generated by queries. They are a way of gathering relevant tasks together and keeping irrelevant tasks out of the way when not the current focus.
4. General Task List
	- This is a list of all uncompleted tasks that, excluding [[Planner]] tasks and all the tasks captured by the Task Notes (above), which are used as filters to keep this list managable. 
5. A list of any query/dataview notes that don't have a fixed home yet/may not be permanent or last long enough lasting to put anywhere else. These are a great place to start working out new ideas - to collect together some notes based on relevent criteria which may need to be invented as I go. (Creating a query or dataview note from a template will locate it here unless changed manually.)
6.  A "net" to catch notes that haven't been connected to the Atlas to prevent lost or orphan notes - or at least to keep tabs on them while they remain in that state. For reasons to be explained elsewhere, my organisational philosophy doesn't allow for unlinked notes. (Which isn't to say this is a necessary or best choice, but it is the choice I have made thus far and the point of this project is to be explicit with such choices.)

