---
title : About Me
---
# About Me

My situation and limitations have a lot to do with what I'm doing here and why I'm doing it the way I am. 

I have always dreamed bigger projects than I managed to execute. There are several diagnostic terms and diagnoses that are useful in parsing the detail, but the crux of it is always having more ideas at greater level of complexity than I could ever execute completely before being swept along to a new one. 

Especially with unrelated jobs costing what they cost in terms of time and the baseline of stress that was not the best starting place for my unexpected "adventure" inward:

When cycling to work in January 2019 I slipped on black ice where the cycle path wasn't salted behind a bus shelter.  I spun such that my forward momentum carried my unhelmeted head into the sharp wee kerb between the cycle path and the bus shelter. I somehow thought I'd be jumping back on the bike and going to work, in denial about having blacked out, until a kind bystander used her scarf to catch the blood I didn't feel running down my neck. (At least I had a hat on?)

Over time, it became clear (as I improved) that I had been more impaired initially than anyone had realised, least of all me. In a word: circumlocution. In a phrase: this is my native tongue.

It's been more than five years and much has changed, but one thing remains the same: the problem to solve is how to get big, complex projects done in little bits, even if I'm not sure quite where it's going. I need a process that helps things usefully accumulate.

Since I can't work consistently, anything that helps me pick up where I left off makes a significant, meaningful difference in my case. The problems I'm solving, though, are universal ones: all work is really iterative work (in my opinion, I suppose I'll have to back this up at some point), so tools that facilitate iterative work help us work more effectively. It's already so much help to me, and I hope eventually it will be to others.